They have a robot that makes cappuccinos.  'Nuff said.
Dip chili
Two words: egg sandwich.
"AHHH, the red brat!"
Cheap drugs
They make smoothies.  Can a smoothie ever be bad?
Freaking ridiculous kringle. YUM!
Mochi mandu soup for a hangover. Point blank period.
Only place we go for pizza locally
random confession #58239:  I daydream about their ropa vieja.
Classic Southside stop\nFlirt with attractive college\nDrunks while being crushed.\n\n(b)
No wifi... plenty of character.
*** closed ***
"go here, don't get ripped off."
The shop closed in June of 2009
I won't go anywhere else for Chinese.
Late night happy hour menu. everything $1.50!?!?! Mind blown!
sorry i missed 4th of July here!
Bring back Tropicana Fruit Punch.
Food: 5\nDecor: 5\nAmbiance: 5\nService: 4.5\nValue: 5
the seabass was awesome but slow service
It went out of business
chicken!\nwaffles!\nkool aid!\n\nwhy aren't you eating at lolo's yet?
Fast & friendly .
Fridat night fish fry!
"Lots of food, price was fair. Very busy place."
"If it's Friday, it's time for LoLo's"
Friendly Desk reps. Coffee n Biscuits
I want to live in the store. FOREVER.
"Small, but had the basics with good quality"
"easy, fast, and cheap"
"fast, cheap, and good"
"solid, quick, and cheap. long lines during lunch."
Oh and get the weird maple candy waffles!
I love this salon - it's just too pricey.
Buttermilk donuts! That's all I go there for.
Pricey for portion size...but extremely good food & service
Lemon grilled shrimp tacos are unbelievable
Great pho
Great service. The food was decent. But kinda expensive.
Simply the best
Amazing food though service was a little bit slow.
Clean store & friendly service
cute! how could you NOT like this place?
Hidden gem.
Good food big portions reasonably priced.
Great sandwiches
Good food and nice service
Cheap but tasty.  Nothing beats that combo.
Great people.
"Food very good ,place very clean"
"Great service, quiet, nice owners."
"Good food, excellent service"
Great Food
great beer good food
Best.\nBar.\nEver.
"Good food, servers are wearing gloves! Clean place."
Great service. Always fast and courteous.
CLOSED... Unfortunately...\n\nWe need more French restaurants in the Burgh.
Always good food & friendly service
Consistently good food and service
"Good food, reasonable prices, friendly conversation"
The panang curry tofu is magical.
"I like the food, I do think ther"
Cheap drinks and great servers.
mmm mmm mmm....i will be back...
"Not bad, I would go back."
"Nice staff, good food."
"Excellent food, very friendly service."
Good place for cheap greek food
Good gyro and good fries.  Sit on the roof.
Good service and a decent latte.
"Great food, great service"
Fantastic vet!
Very decent bar food and always extremely quick.
Best!
Simple yet delicious burgers.
food + service = excellence
Fantastic food. Charming service.
Wonderful!
"Simple, tasty, good service, great prices."
Classy place and great customer service!
Great Doctors and very friendly staff!
Second to none! Great company!
Service was good and food was good too.
the best donuts in the world\n\ncash only
the tacos are off the hook yummmmmmmmy
Wonderful Food
Great and cheap!
Excellent prices. Decent food. Nice staff. Clean and friendly.
"Loved it,small intimate, food very good, desert nummy!"
Carb/cholesterol savor...chicken fajitas with no tortillas...Yummy!!!
Great shop! Excellent customer service.
Great filet and magarita
great place!!!
classic great atmosphere fresh yummy
Always good. And good prices too.
Good service and very nice employees!
My personal favorite!
"Good food, clean environment, friendly and fast service."
Dinner was great.
